# Android-Study-Jams
Story App

#### Problem Statement:

Now currently lots of people want to read summary about any book before reading the whole book so this application main aim is to provide the short summery of the top famous book. in many work fields and out of them Mobile Application is one of the major developments. Mobile Application can be used effectively for reading story.

#### Proposed Solution :

This application main features is to read story of books. in the application we try to add some short of summary of the book and also add a random book reading features where any user can read a random book summary which is automatically generated by the application. This appication give the all concept of the book in a short way and user can save their time using this application.



#### Functionality & Concepts used :

The App has a very simple and interactive interface which helps the people to read the summary of the book. Following are few android concepts used to achieve the functionalities in app :
Constraint Layout : Most of the activities in the app uses a flexible constraint layout, which is easy to handle for different screen sizes.
Simple & Easy Views Design : Use of familiar audience EditText with hints and interactive buttons made it easier for students to register or sign in without providing any detailed instructions pages. Apps also uses App Navigation to switch between different screens.
RecyclerView : To present the list of different summary we used the efficient recyclerview. In the application for fetching the images we use picasso library.  In future if the user base increases we will go for the upgraded plan too.

#### Application Link & Future Scope :

This application is now available on google play store, You can access the app : [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.james.storyappminiproject].

In future we will add some more famous book summary that will to the people to read summary.
